---
layout: post
title:  "Psyched!"
date:   2016-06-26 16:35:38 +0000
categories: jekyll update
---
Some days I'm so psyched it bubbles over! Today is such a day. I just got back from Rocklands.

Other days, I struggle to find the focus and energy. This blog is a place I'm spending excess psyche on good days, storing it for the bad ones.

This weekend was a very relaxed trip. Jes and I spent most of it lounging around. That meant that the few hours I did spend climbing were intense.

I worked two problems. One I've looked at for years, Cossack (7b). I've tried it before but got turned around at the crux so many times. This weekend I did the problem starting just before the crux many times but since I'm still wary of a sore middle finger on the left I didn't push my luck and left the link for next weekend. Something to look forward to!

The other, Nymph (6c+), I only got onto today shortly before leaving. I was really planning on working the Dragonfly Traverse at Riverside but since Nympth is pretty much the sit-start to the end moves I decided to work it instead. I worked it from the finishing moves back towards to start, only to discover that first move is tricky. It seems like it can be done in one of two ways. 

The first is to hop up to a high left-hand pinch/sidepull and do a biggish move to the slopey crimp-riddled rail. 

The second option has one pull into a very bunched sitstart position, then do a big reach quite a bit out right to a good crimp. I did the whole problem starting from that position but my lock-offs weren't up to the task of that first move today. 

Starting established on the crimp with the right hand, left hand still on the starting jug the problem feels 6c at most, probably more like 6b+. The first move feels much harder than your typical 6c+ territory.

The straight-up variation through the crappy pinch seems more straightforward but the move to and past the pinch feels harder than 6c+, too. It was a bit hot so maybe when I try on a colder day I'll agree with the grade.

That said, the pinch start feels easier than the right-hand start. 

I'll do some pullups this week and see which is easier when I go again.
